Q1 Why must initialization happen before assignment?

A. Because in initialization the variable gets the value at the time it is created whereas in assignment 
   the variable gets a value after it is created, so in initialization the memory gets allocated first and no value is there as garbage value for variables.
   
Q1.2. When is initialization preferred over assignment?

A. initialization is preferred in some situations :
    -for const variables , the later assignment is not allowed.
	-for reference variables must need initualization at the time of creation .
	-in constructor initialization list 
	-for objects also , because some objects required early initialization.
	
Q2.2.Explain how reference variables act as aliases and how that affects swapByReference().?

A.   A reference variable is an another name or alias for an existing variable.
     ex:- int a=10;
          int &ref=a;
     ref means it refers to the a memory address , so if we change ref , a automatically gets chage as it shares same memory location.
    	 
		 
	Effect in swapByReference()

void swapByReference(int &a, int &b)

a becomes an alias of the first variable.

b becomes an alias of the second variable.

Therefore, swapping a and b directly changes the original variables in main(), 
so the values actually swap.

Q3.2 Two differences between Pointer and Reference
A.
   Pointer:-
   -it stores the address of a variable
   -it can be changed to point to another variable
   -it can be null but we have to check deferencing.
   
   Reference:-
   -Reference is another name or alias of a variable.
   -Reference cannot change after initialization
   -it cannot be null because it must contain some variables .
   
   Q3.2 Why references cannot be reseated?
   A.
      Because it is an another name or alias for variable.
      and once it get initialized with the variable then it cannot get changed or again assigned.
	  and it cannot exist without a variable.
	  
Q4.2   Why constructors are not called when using malloc?
A.
    Because it is a c function , which onlt allocates memory and does not know about any c++ objects
	thats why it not call constructor of a class.
	
->	Why new is preferred in C++?
A.
    Because new is used to allocates the memory and call constructor automatically, 
	there is no need of type casting
	because it return the correct pointer type.
	
-> Difference in return types and initialization?
A.
   	             malloc:-                                    new:-
return type        void*                                     return proper pointer type
type casting      needs                                         no need	
constructor call   no                                              yes	

-> Why malloc cannot initialize complex types?
A.
   because complex types need class and constructors and malloc does not call constructor
   and only gives raw memory,
   so it does not properly initialize objects.   
   
Q5.2
-> When does the compiler generate a default constructor?
A.
   the compiler automatically generates the default constructor if the programmer has not write the 
   constructor inside it.
   ex: class a{
   int a;
   }
    compiler generates  defaultly a constructor: a(){}.
	
-> 	When does the compiler NOT generate a default constructor?
A. 
   the compiler does not create a default constructor when:
   the programmer already writes any   constructor.
   ex:- class A
{
public:
    A(int x) { }
};

->Can constructors be overloaded?
A. 
   yes constructors can be overloaded having different parameters.
ex:-  
  class A
{
public:
    A() { cout<<"Default"; }
    A(int x) { cout<<"Parameterized"; }
};

Q6.3 
-> Why must const members be initialized in initializer list?
A. because const variable or member cannot be changed after they created,
   so they must get the value at the time of object creation.
   
-> What happens if you assign a const member inside constructor body?
A. 
      It will give a compile-time error, 
	  because const values cannot be assigned after initialization.
	  
-> Why is initializer list faster than assignment?
A. 
   because in initializer list the variable is assigned once whereas in assignment 
   the variable is first created and get assigned by a value, so in that way the list avoid extra work make it faster and efficient.
   
	  
	  